PVC Autoresizer implementation (#3)
topolvm/pvc-autoresizer: README.md

## Prepare

`pvc-autoresizer` behaves based on the metrics that prometheus collects from kubelet.

Please refer to the following pages to set up Prometheus:

- [Installation | Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/installation/)

In addition, configure scraping as follows:

- [Monitoring with Prometheus | TopoLVM](https://github.com/topolvm/topolvm/blob/master/docs/prometheus.md)

## Installation

Specify the Prometheus URL to `pvc-autoresizer` argument as `--prometheus-url`.

`pvc-autoresizer` can be deployed to a Kubernetes cluster via `kustomize` and `kubectl`:

```
kustomize build ./config/default | kubectl apply -f -
```

## How to use

The StorageClass of the PVC to be resized must have `resize.topolvm.io/enabled: "true"` annotation.

```yaml
kind: StorageClass
apiVersion: storage.k8s.io/v1
metadata:
  name: topolvm-provisioner
  annotations:
    resize.topolvm.io/enabled: "true" 
provisioner: topolvm.cybozu.com
parameters:
  "csi.storage.k8s.io/fstype": "xfs"
volumeBindingMode: WaitForFirstConsumer
allowVolumeExpansion: true
```

The PVC to be resized must have `.spec.resources.limits.storage` and must be `volumeMode: Filesystem`.

> The PVC can have `resize.topolvm.io/threshold` and `resize.topolvm.io/increase` annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PVC can optionally have `resize.topolvm.io/threshold` and `resize.topolvm.io/increase` annotations.
```
